<!-- This file is automatically generated. Do not edit manually. -->
(v3-changelog)=
# Version 3 Changelog

Below are all the changelogs for the new versions of hikari-lightbulb (version 3.0.0 to present).

----

<!-- next-changelog -->

## v3.0.0a5 (2024-07-13)

### Features

- Refactor `ExecutionPipelineFailedException` to make writing error handlers more intuitive.

### Bugfixes

- Fix incorrect assertion error happening sometimes when a subcommand is invoked.

----

## v3.0.0a4 (2024-07-02)

### Features

- Add `ephemeral` convenience argument to `Context.respond`.
- Add ability to localize choice names.

----

## v3.0.0a3 (2024-06-28)

### Features

- Add `PRE_INVOKE` execution step to default execution step order.
- Add ability for `Loadable.listener`s to listen for multiple event types.

### Bugfixes

- Fix not being able to access option values when their name and description are localized.

----

## v3.0.0a2 (2024-06-20)

### Features

- A [plugin](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/24669-hikari-lightbulb-support) for IntelliJ-based IDEs has been 
  released to add autocompletion and type checking support for command parameters. It supports Lightbulb from 
  this version and later. More features are planned.

### Bugfixes

- Use `interaction.registered_guild_id` when resolving command interactions to prevent issues where guild commands
  would sometimes be invoked instead of global commands. ([#426](https://github.com/tandemdude/hikari-lightbulb/issues/426))

### Improved Documentation

- Documentation has been reworked to look nicer and function better. A Lightbulb-by-example section is in-progress for
  better tutorials and explanations for users of the library.

----

## v3.0.0a1 (2024-06-09)

### Features

- Add `lightbulb.INJECTED` flag for dependency injection typing improvements ([#424](https://github.com/tandemdude/hikari-lightbulb/issues/424))
